# ninja-bot

ninja-bot is a chat bot built on the [Hubot][hubot] framework. It was
initially generated by [generator-hubot][generator-hubot], and configured to be
deployed on [Heroku][heroku] to get you up and running as quick as possible.

This README is intended to help get you started. Definitely update and improve
to talk about your own instance, how to use and deploy, what functionality is
available, etc!

[heroku]: http://www.heroku.com
[hubot]: http://hubot.github.com
[generator-hubot]: https://github.com/github/generator-hubot

### Comands

### Running ninja-bot Locally

You can test your hubot by running the following.

Generate config/default.json as like:

```json
{
  "github": {
    "token": "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
  }
}
```

You can start ninja-bot locally by running:

    % HUBOT_SLACK_TOKEN=xoxb-XXXXXXXXXXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX ./bin/hubot --adapter slack

And send slack message to bot.

### Running ninja-bot on Heroku

    % heroku config:add GITHUB_TOKEN=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
    % git push heroku master

## Deployment

    % heroku create --stack cedar
    % git push heroku master

If your Heroku account has been verified you can run the following to enable
and add the Redis to Go addon to your app.

    % heroku addons:add rediscloud

If you run into any problems, checkout Heroku's [docs][heroku-node-docs].

You'll need to edit the `Procfile` to set the name of your hubot.

More detailed documentation can be found on the [deploying hubot onto
Heroku][deploy-heroku] wiki page.

## Restart the bot

You may want to get comfortable with `heroku logs` and `heroku restart` if
you're having issues.
